Further usecases (#13)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/usecases/measuring_distance.md

# Use Case: Measuring Distance

## Summary

> - **Scope:** Measuring Distance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Scope:** All Layers
```

- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** App User

> - **Brief:** The user can measure the distance between different elements in their plan in order to ensure that the layout is practical and accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Brief:** The user can measure the distance between different elements in their map.
```

- **Status:** Draft

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
  The user has opened the app and has selected the desired layer (e.g. plants, paths).
- **Main success scenario:**
  - The user selects the "Measure Distance" button.

>   - The user clicks on the first element they want to measure the distance from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The user clicks on the first point they want to measure the distance from.
```

  - The user clicks on the second element they want to measure the distance to.

>   - The app displays the distance between the two elements in the desired unit (e.g. meters, feet).

Reviewer: Please allow any number of points (simply add all distances together)

>   - The user adjusts the layout of their landscape plan as needed based on the measured distance.

Reviewer: There are several reasons for measuring (e.g. distance between trees)

```suggestion
```
